network: add support for `podman network update` and `--network-dns-server` (#16732)
containers/podman: docs/source/markdown/podman-network-update.1.md

% podman-network-update 1

## NAME

> podman\-network-update - Update an existing podman network

Reviewer: Shouldn't there be another \ before the - in network-update?

## SYNOPSIS
**podman network update**  [*options*] [*name*]

## DESCRIPTION

> Allows end users to update network scoped DNS resolvers for an existing podman network.

Reviewer: "Allow changes to existing container networks. At present, only changes to the DNS servers in used by a network is supported"

NOTE: Only supported with netavark and aardvark-dns

## OPTIONS
#### **--add-dns-servers**

Accepts array of DNS resolvers and add it to the existing list of resolvers configured for a network.

#### **--remove-dns-servers**

Accepts array of DNS resolvers and removes them from the existing list of resolvers configured for a network.

> 

Reviewer: Please add examples

% podman-network-update 1

## NAME

> podman\-network\-update - Update an existing podman network

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
podman\-network\-update - Update an existing Podman network
```

## SYNOPSIS

> **podman network update**  [*options*] *name*

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
**podman network update**  [*options*] *network*
```
for consistency with other man pages

## DESCRIPTION

> Allow changes to existing container networks. At present, only changes to the DNS servers in used by a network is supported.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Allow changes to existing container networks. At present, only changes to the DNS servers in use by a network is supported.
```

> NOTE: Only supported with netavark and aardvark-dns

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
NOTE: Only supported with the netavark network backend.
```

## OPTIONS
#### **--add-dns**

Accepts array of DNS resolvers and add it to the existing list of resolvers configured for a network.

#### **--remove-dns**

Accepts array of DNS resolvers and removes them from the existing list of resolvers configured for a network.

## EXAMPLE

Update a network
```
$ podman network update network1 --add-dns 8.8.8.8,1.1.1.1

> podman2

Reviewer 4: Where does this podman2 come from?
